Now, when it comes to working with data,
in our GitHub Actions Workflows,
there is a broad variety of data definitions
we could be referring to.
But we will start with Job Artifacts here.
And to understand Job Artifacts,
let's take a look at an example Job,
that might be building an app.
So, this Job could be producing the website files,
that are uploaded to a web server,
to a web hosting provider.
But we could also be building a mobile app here,
where we then upload some package to the app stores.
Or we could be producing an executable here,
which we distribute to our users.
So, a desktop application,
that can be executed on their machines, for example.
We could be building anything, but let's assume
that we have a Job that builds, such an app or website.
Of course, if we have such a Job,
this Job will produce an output.
It will produce the website files that should be uploaded,
or the binary executable file
that should be distributed to users,
or that package,
that should be uploaded to app stores.
So, we generate some assets that must be uploaded somewhere,
or distributed somewhere.
And these assets are commonly referred to as Job Artifacts.
That's what a Job Artifacts is.
It's the output, the assets generated by a Job.
And with GitHub Actions, we can upload,
and save those artifacts that are produced by a Job,
so that as a user, as the owner of the Repository,
we could download them manually, thereafter,
to then for example,
take them and upload them to an app store.
But we can also download,
and use them automatically in other Jobs.
If we have a subsequent Job,
that should do something with the produced output.
For example, we could have a Job
that automatically picks up those produced files,
and uploads them to some web hosting provider.
So, Job Artifacts are these outputs generated by Jobs.
And just to be clear,
it's not necessarily, just app binaries and similar files,
we could also have log files that are produced
by a testing Job or anything like that.
But we're talking about files here,
files and folders produced by a Job,
that we want to use in other Jobs,
or manually inspect after the Job finished.
For example, if we had a Job that runs some testing scripts,
and those testing scripts produce some log files,
we might want to take a look at those log files,
as the owner of Repository.
So, that's what artifacts are.
And with GitHub Actions,
we have a way of storing these artifacts,
so that we can then use them manually, or automatically.
And that's what we'll take a closer look at now.